# "Birds of a Feather": Memory Matching Game

Created by Jack Akers for VirtualHacks 2023 at the University of Missouri

Play the game online: https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jackakers13/VirtualHacks-2023/master/index.html

VirtualHacks 2023: https://virtualhacks-2023.devpost.com/

This project was created as a last-minute experiment to test the development capabilities possible using nothing but the web browser on an iPhone.

I showed up to the event, not knowing that it even existed, with less than an hour remaining before the deadline. The submitted version was created during that period using a combination of ChatGPT, the GitHub web UI, and a GitHub codespace. Images were sourced from Google Images, uploaded using the GitHub web UI, and renamed using the `mv` command within the bash shell of the GitHub codespace. In recognition of this absurd workflow, my project was awarded the "Best use of Linux" award at the hackathon.

Following the event, I have manually cleaned up the code to fix bugs and improve behavior. I have also added a stylesheet, mostly generated by ChatGPT but also containing some manual tweaks.

This was an interesting demonstration of the power of modern AI/ML technologies and cloud-based workflows to develop a non-trivial web application. That being said, it also didn't exactly work flawlessly out-of-the-box, and it gives me at least a glimmer of hope for the future job market for software engineering. The entire development process can be seen in this repository's commit history; I hope you find it as interesting as I do.
